feature/partytown: Added possibility for user to choose loading outsi… (#104)
vtex-apps/google-tag-manager: docs/README.md

Once you have set up the Google Analytics variables and tags, follow Google's official guide on [how to submit and publish your store’s container](https://support.google.com/tagmanager/answer/6107163).

## How to run third party scripts off the main thread?

> To improve the performance of the sites we will work with the [Partytown](https://partytown.builder.io/) library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To improve third-party scripts' loading time we may use the [Partytown](https://partytown.builder.io/) library.
```

### What is [Partytown](https://partytown.builder.io/)? 

Partytown is a lazy-loaded library to help relocate resource intensive scripts into a web worker, and off of the main thread. Its goal is to help speed up sites by dedicating the main thread to your code, and offloading third-party scripts to a web worker.

Before running the GTM application outside of the main thread, it is necessary to install `vtex install vtex.partytown@0.x` in the environment where it is being developed or produced.
Learn more at [VTEX Partytown](https://github.com/vtex-apps/partytown).

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

⚠️ Partytown is a third-party beta solution, and some scripts may not run well with it. Double-check your site behavior before promoting it to master.
```

### Enable secondary thread loading

Once the partytown app is installed, simply navigate to `/admin/apps/vtex.google-tag-manager@version/setup/` and select `text/partytown`.

![alt text](https://ibb.co/646qtpb)

> Now your 3rd party apps are loaded off the main thread and your site load time is much less.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, google-tag-manager scripts are loaded outside the main thread, improving your site loading time.
```
